My name is Christopher Raeburn,
I'm really proud to be introducing the
RÆBURN and Aesop Adventurer Roll Up,
and today I'm going to be teaching
you exactly how to make it.
So in terms of materials,
you'll be needing some fabric,
and for us, we've used an
original 1960s aeronautical map.
Of course, you could use
anything you might have at home.
And we're using this
co-branded tape,
but actually anything 2.5 cm
wide will be absolutely fine.
In terms of tools, you'll be
needing some sharp scissors,
you'll be needing measuring tape,
some tailoring pins,
you'll be needing a thread,
and you'll also be needing some chalk.
Arrange your pattern pieces to meet
edge to edge, and tape together.
Attach these to your fabric using pins.
Trace around them lightly using chalk or pencil.
Cut out your fabric.
The round markings of the centre of the
pattern will guide you with the tape placement.
Mark these either on the
underside of the fabric,
or using chalk to the top side.
You need to now prep the tape,
the main body, and the pockets
before assembling everything.
Cut the tape into three pieces.
Firstly 80 cm, then 28 cm,
and 21 cm.
Once you've done this, you need to stitch
the tape pieces to the main body.
The mid-length tape will be
attached to the upper edge
and inside of the roll up.
The shortest tape will be used as the handle.
We need to fold and attach it
to the centre of the main body.
The longest tape will be attached
across the middle of the main body.
To prepare the pocket panel,
fold your pleats,
ironing over them to
set the fabric in place
and secure them by sewing
along the bottom edge.
Fold and stitch the main body panel
to make the top of your roll up.
We do this from the inside out.
Next, we need to stitch the
pocket panel to the main body.
We do this inside out.
Now stitch the pocket pleats into place.
We're so proud that with this
partnership with Aesop,
it's all about pushing boundaries,
and really creating an amazing
responsible product together.